Rework config setup to include multiple version of ckan (#2)
alphagov/datagovuk-visual-regression-tests: README.md

## Ckan data setup
In order to ensure that tests are based on consistent data and therefore consistent views, this repo includes a data setup for ckan. This is a simple set of scripts that use puppeteer to mock user interaction, running through routes it expects to exist based on the consistent data and creating data using the interface as a user would. You can access this primarily through `npm run setup` which is an alias for `node setup/index.js all`. Running the setup script with the `all` keyword, as setup in the aforementioned alias` will run all of the following scripts in sequence:

- `npm run setup:publisher`: Creates a simple publisher in your local ckan
- `npm run setup:harvest`: Creates a harvest source using the [mock harvest source](https://github.com/alphagov/ckan-mock-harvest-sources) URL and triggers the source to generate a dataset with a series of resources

> - `npm run setup:publisher`: Creates an organogram dataset aka: a dataset with it's schema/vocabulary set to one of the 2 "organisation structure" options, and 2 resources: one without a source specified and one with. This is done due to a seperate view being produced in the edit resource page if the dataset it's being built for is an organogram dataset.

Reviewer: This should probably be `organogram`

- When triggering a harvest job, in the user UI, the user clicks the "reharvest" button and a modal window pops up to confirm the action. This isn't possible to do in puppeteer cleanly, as puppeteer loads before the modal js can finish loading. The workaround for this has been to click the reharvest button and trigger a page reload via `page.reload()`. This works because we are accessing the page before the modal js can create an artificial barrier to the user carrying out the reharvest action.
- On certain views, an admin toolbar is present. This appears to only be visible for super admins and interfere's with being able to properly interrogate screenshots for discrepencies. To remedy this, the script `close-admin-toolbar.js` has been created to manage this on views where it pops up.

> - Backstop has the option to ignore portions of html that we don't want to include in tests eg: fields that relate to times that will be constantly changing. Unfortunately this is very difficult to police in our ckan instaces as we use a mix of markup from our own extension and default ckan admin panel markup, making it a near impossble job to apply selectors to all unwanted fields across the ckan admin panel.

Reviewer: `i`
```suggestion
- Backstop has the option to ignore portions of html that we don't want to include in tests eg: fields that relate to times that will be constantly changing. Unfortunately this is very difficult to police in our ckan instances as we use a mix of markup from our own extension and default ckan admin panel markup, making it a near impossible job to apply selectors to all unwanted fields across the ckan admin panel.
```
